# Hermes - Astra Database Connectivity Tester

Hermes is a Python script designed to test connectivity to Astra databases. It performs several tests including DNS resolution, port connectivity, latency, and authentication. The results of these tests are stored in a report which can be printed or saved to a file.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.10 or higher
- dnspython
- cassandra-driver

## Setup

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the directory containing the `hermes.py` script.
3. Install the required Python packages by running the following command in your terminal:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage
Before running the script, you need to set the ASTRA_DB_SECURE_BUNDLE_PATH and ASTRA_DB_APPLICATION_TOKEN environment variables. These variables should point to the path of your secure connect bundle and the application token respectively.

Here's an example of how to run the script:
```bash
ASTRA_DB_SECURE_BUNDLE_PATH=/path/to/secure-connect-bundle.zip ASTRA_DB_APPLICATION_TOKEN="AstraCS:..." python hermes.py
```
The script also accepts several flags:

 - -h or --help: Show help and examples
 - -s or --save: Saves the output to a file.
 - -f or --force: Force-save file.
 - -d or --debug: Enables collecting additional information
 - -l or --live: Output to STDOUT instead of printing a report at the end of the tests
 - -c or --show-config: Show the SCB's config.json.
 - -cs or --show-config-sensitive: Show the SCB's config.json without redacting JKS passwords.

Use -d (--debug) to increase the information generated by each test.

## FAQ
- Why Hermes?
  - Well, if I have to explain the joke: since organizations related to the Cassandra Project like using Greek mythos names like Cassandra, Medusa etc, I wanted to keep the name in theme. This tool tests to see if messages can reach Astra, which is another greek mythos-y name.
  - Also, I'm playing Hades 2.